Sure. So we are building a new accelerator from scratch. This is not an existing one that I've joined, but the process is pretty straightforward with respect to the, I'll just walk you through it actually. Applications, we have an online application. We are planning to do that in two parts, something which is objective and quick. So we capture interest and we want to follow it up with a subjective or a heavier application for the ones that are shortlisted. Then we'll probably do a conversation online interview, maybe not an interview as such but more like a conversation to figure out if we are a right fit the whole premise is that we are helping companies from outside India enter the Indian market similar to what we did in the inner center but specific to healthcare life sciences We also have some Indian startups participate. We'll take them through different phases of the journey. We start off with the basics and then get to probably figuring out their go-to-market strategy and things like that. We'll have probably a week or two where these startups will travel to India and spend time here like a market immersion phase of sorts. And throughout this process, there will be mentoring. What we prefer to do is assign a mentor to each startup at the beginning of the journey. Maybe they get to explore with a few mentors until they're comfortable with someone but more than likely what I've seen in the programs I've done so far is if we assign them and it's very rare for someone to say that this is not the right person because he really knows yeah they tend to explore for some time if they need additional support we might have multiple mentors for a startup. And by the final phase of the program, we've helped them localize for the Indian market and we've helped them develop some pitches. So we make some introductions where the startups can pitch to people that we introduce for either a pilot partnership for raising funds maybe they want to hire people in India we'll so we are facilitating market entry but we only help them kick start that process we don't help like market entry could take like a year or two as well in some cases but this is going to be a four month  or a 16-week program, so to speak.


Understood. And the other part to it is, so how we are planning to structure it is it is more mentoring heavy. It's not a case where let's say I told you 16 weeks, right? So we probably have like one session per week or one session every, yeah, roughly one session a week and maybe 12 sessions throughout the 16 week time frame and every session we'll have a mentor participate for sure and we start off with something like the business model canvas specific to the Indian market and healthcare and life sciences yeah go through the motions. The group mostly it's one-on-one and the group events or whatever like group sessions or whatever we want to call it, those are probably two or three across and we have some that happen offline and in person. i just wanted to understand what would be the best way to track all of this i know you showed showed me the one-on-one and the group thing and we probably can i schedule all these ahead of time on a recurring basis or something like that or the mentoring sessions need to be added by the startup only. 


Can you define schedule on day one and as an admin, can I do that?


I need to check on the cost and I just need to think through the being able to pre-define the schedule because it's going to be a 12 to 16 week schedule. I am like for the startup to have to schedule every week or something like that gets a bit tricky because we want to be able to block the time of the mentor and everyone on a recurring basis.

When we start with the program, of course, reschedule if necessary, but we want to make it like a habit through the cohort that let's say every Thursday, 3pm to 4pm or 3 to 5pm. Join this virtual meeting and get through it. So that does a certain amount because we need progress week on weekend. This is to enter a different market. It's coordination between time zones. So that's the reason I want to freeze times and make it on a recurring basis beforehand.

Also, another question. I mean, I'm just like thinking out loud. Is there a case where a founder could be a user, could be a part of multiple startups? Because I'm hoping if one of our team members could be that user, they can probably go and schedule all these, something like that.

In the beginning of the program, I i can scan like it's not only limited to a month right i can just schedule for even meetings that are three months away and things like that there's no so probably i add and we do i think we are looking at smaller cohorts five to eight startups per cohort or something like that so maybe it would be a workaround because I just don't want the startups to be doing that because I don't think they'll do it on time for the mentor to have it on their calendar. There could be delays and time zone differences. So I'm just trying to see if we can take up that work at our end.



